Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 4.2.0 (#3982)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1023-2-0-new-device-to-asset-plugin.md

---
date: ""
title: "New Device to Asset plugin to create assets from devices"
product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2293"
version: "1023.2.0"
---

> The **Device to Asset** plugin enables users to convert existing devices into assets. Users can select multiple devices, optionally assign asset types and parent assets, and perform batch conversions through a two-step workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new **Device to Asset** plugin has been introduced that enables users to convert existing devices into assets. Users can select multiple devices, optionally assign asset types and parent assets, and perform batch conversions through a two-step workflow.
```
